User instructions for installing Model Registry (#137)
opendatahub-io/model-registry-operator: docs/how-to-use-ui.md

![Model Registry](./images/dashboard-modelregistry-catalog1.png)

### Register a Model

There are two different ways of registring model in the Model Registry. One using the button in this screen "Register Model" which should pop the following screen. Follow the entries on the screen to register the model. Please note that, Model Registry currently does not actually store the model but it will capture the location of the model where it is stored in a S3 store. First get hold of the model from hugging face or other places, save it into S3 bucket, and provide the details of S3 bucket and its credentials into Register dialog box under "Data Connection" section. Once registered the model will show under model catalog screen.

![Model Registry](./images/dashboard-modelregistry-catalog1.png)

it will bring this screen for registering a model

![Model Registry](./images/dashboard-modelregistry-registermodel.png)

> Another way register the model is using [Python library](./getting-started.md). Note that when you register a model first time, it creates a model record and another record for a initial version that is defined. If you ever need to deploy a another iteration of the model after re-training try to add a new version of the model under the same original model record. So, a model record can contain any number of versions underneath. Each version is individually managed. The below screen shows when model is drilled down to version level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way register the model is using [Python library](./getting-started.md). Note that when you register a model the first time, it creates a Registered Model entry and related entries for the initial version that is defined. If you ever need to deploy another iteration of the model after re-training, try to add a new Model Version of the model under the original Registered Model entry. A Registered Model can contain any number of Model Versions underneath. Each version is individually managed. The below screen shows when model is drilled down to version level.
```

I would adopt the Logical Model jargon here, which is also reflected in the UI. wdyt?
